Work come back.
And in this lesson what I wanted to do is go over utilizing Jaison So one more time and I want you to
actually take advantage of my J's on dot com and create a Jason File.
So I've got the one that I originally got from Wikipedia.
Got this Giese on file and I've got a r l down here so if I go to it I can access this information.
So what I want to do is make use of this information.
You can literally set up any case on file.
And this is just going to be a quick exercise on retrieving this Jason data and then looping through
it within javascript.
In a lot of it is going to be similar to what we did earlier with the YouTube stuff so we can literally
we can get rid of this and we can keep the button and maybe we can call this load.
So instead of searching it's going to load the data we can add that seem a listener there so we can
keep it a search and basically it'll still load this search file and now we just need to have a new
or l.
So this you URL here is the Jason bin.
So let's open that up and replace it.
And we don't need the search term so we don't need these values anymore and that's it.
So we're going to pass this you r l and then we're going to show the results.
So what I want to do is let's let's update this to console log and do results and then we'll rebuild
that because it depends on what type of data you have.
You might want to have your own customized output of the data.
So it's always going to be different so depending on the data that you want to make use of it could
be any piece of data.
And so looping through it where you take care of that afterwards.
And the good thing about creating this type of function is we can reuse it.
So that's where the beauty of javascript and functions is that they're reusable.
So what we've done is we've done literally a one minute update of what we had earlier and we've connected
it to another Jaison file.
So we're ready to pull that information through.
And I also do encourage you to try it out for yourself.
So it's clear this let's refresh the page and before we load it just get rid of the items because we
don't know what the data is going to look like.
So usually this is how I start I build it out into the console.
And so I can take a closer look at actually what's loading and then I figure out how I'm going to pull
it into the page.
So this was just on file.
We see that all we've got.
We've got a first name we've got a last name we've got an address some information contained within
there.
So what I want you to do now pause the video create your own Giese on file you can create it any type
of structure you want and simply link to it and pull it back into your javascript so you can take what
we learned in the previous lesson with YouTube and you can reuse some of the functions that we used.
Or you can build it from scratch so is a great exercise to start again from scratch however you want
to do it get to the point where you've got a basic file you're pulling in some information.
And next step is to make use of that and put it into that each team they'll show you how to do that
coming up.
So hope you had an opportunity to try this out and I really do encourage you to get familiar with it
try it out.
Create a look up online there's a lot of Jaison files that you could bring in you can place that into
my son bin and you could just try it directly within your browser without even having a server running
or anything like that.
Just launched the file in your browser and take a look at that chase on stuff.
The reason I like my son is that works directly within the local within the file protocol whereas I
don't have to load a local server.
So now we're ready to output that information so you can put that information however you want.
I know that I've got the results here and I've got a couple arrays there so I can loop through the children.
I don't know if there's no information contained in there so there's no point to loop through it.
But sometimes the results might have that.
So let's let's do results.
And let's put some content here.
So to H-1 and close off H1 and this this is again this is subject to your own creativity.
You can output that content however you want your content may be completely different than my content.
So I've got it under it results.
And first name
and then the other just put a space there.
And I got a copy copy some of the sote So that's his last name.
So we saw the first name last name large
so save that.
So now when we refresh it see what happens so there we go.
We have the first name last name.
We can add some more information about the person their address and so on.
So go ahead try it for yourself.
Create that on file and load it into your javascript.
And the more you practice the more familiar become with that the more it's just going to make sense.
And the more you are going to be comfortable with just working with that output.
So as long as you can get it to the point where you've got it and your javascript as a javascript object
you're ready to go and you're ready to output it however you want on your web page.